#titolo The wetlands of Sesia - English News
     (ANSA) - VERCELLI - The Lame del Sesia Park, created in 1978
and spanning 830 hectares, is an important wetland with winding
waterways, an ideal habitat for many species of aquatic birds. 
   The park, which is headquartered and has its visitors centre
at Via XX Settembre in Albano (Vercelli), is crisscrossed
throughout its 7.5 kilometre length by the River Sesia and its
associated water networks, which have a massive range thanks to
the spring rains, the snowmelt  and autumnal rains. 
   In the mountain section of the park, the river runs fiercely
down the steep slopes, eroding the surrounding rocks with the
force of the water. Heading down into the valley, the slope
becomes more gentle, and the water drops in speed, resulting in
deposits of gravel, sand and shingle, and where the water starts
overflowing, new waterways and wetlands develop. As the
waterways shift, channels start drying up and become colonised
with typical marshland vegetation. The flood deposits are mainly
to be found on former river sites, now land slightly raised
above the current waterways. These areas are colonised by
vegetation and later bushes and trees. The same process affects
the swamp area, which gradually fills up with earth, first
becoming wetlands and later woods. The border of this wetland
marks one of the final remains of the extensive moorland that
was once widespread and which is today in need of protection. 
   There are various ways to explore this park, on foot, by bike
or even by horse. The route takes around two hours, setting out
from Greggio. This is a very delicate area of nature and it is
therefore critical that you follow the signposting meticulously,
in order to protect the area. For more information email:
infoparc@lamedelsesia.vc.it. (ANSA).
